Aasimar
	if subrace = Protector Aasimar
		"Radiant Soul", "Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy within yourself, causing			your eyes to glimmer and two luminous, incorporeal wings to sprout from your back. Your transformation lasts for 1			minute or until you end it as a bonus action. During it, you have a flying speed of 30 feet, and once on each of your			turns, you can deal extra radiant damage to one target when you deal damage to it with an attack or a spell. The extra 			radiant damage equals your level. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
	if subrace = Scourge Aasimar
		"Radiant Consumption", "Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy within yourself,		 	causing a searing light to radiate from you, pour out of your eyes and mouth, and threaten to char you. 
		Your transformation lasts for 1 minute or until you end it as a bonus action. During it, you shed bright light in a 			10-foot radius and dim light for an additional 10 feet, and at the end of each of your turns, you and each creature			within 10 feet of you take radiant damage equal to half your level (rounded up).
		In addition, once on each of your turns, you can deal extra radiant damage to one target when you deal damage to it			with an attack or a spell. The extra radiant damage equals your level. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again			until you finish a long rest.
	if subrace = Fallen Aasimar
		"Necrotic Shroud", "Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy	within yourself,			causing your eyes to turn into pools of darkness and two skeletal, ghostly, flightless wings to sprout from your back.	
		The instant you transform, other creatures within 10 feet of you that can see you must each succeed on a Charisma			saving throw (DC 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Charisma modifier) or become frightened of you until the end of your			next turn.
		Your transformation lasts for 1 minute or until you end it as a bonus action. During it, once on each of your turns,			you can deal extra necrotic damage to one target when you deal damage to it with an attack or a spell. The extra			necrotic damage equals your level. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Dwarf
	"Dwarven Toughness", "Your hit point maximum increases by 1, and it increases by 1 every time you gain a level."

	if subrace = Grey Dwarf
		"Duergar Magic", "When you reach 3rd level, you can cast the Enlarge/Reduce spell on yourself once with this trait,			using only the spell's enlarge option. When you reach 5th level, you can cast the Invisibility spell on yourself once			with this trait. You don't need material components for either spell, and you can't cast them while you're in direct 			sunlight, although sunlight has no effect on them once cast. You regain the ability to	cast these spells with this 			trait when you finish a long rest. Intelligence is your spellcasting ability for these spells."
Elf
	if subrace = Dark Elf
		"Drow Magic", "You know the Dancing Lights cantrip. When you reach 3rd level, you can cast the Faerie Fire spell once 			per day. When you reach 5th level, you can also cast the Darkness spell once per day. Charisma is your spellcasting 			ability for these spells."
Genasi
	if subrace = Fire Genasi
		"Reach to the Blaze", "You know the Produce Flame cantrip. Once you reach 3rd level, you can cast the Burning Hands 			spell once with this trait as a 1st-level spell, and you regain the ability to cast it this way when you finish a long 			rest. Constitution is your spellcasting ability for these spells."
	if subrace = Water Genasi
		"Call to the Wave", "You know the Shape Water cantrip. When you reach 3rd level, you can cast the Create or Destroy 			Water spell as a 2nd-level spell once with this trait, and you regain the ability to cast it this way when you finish a 		long rest. Constitution is your spellcasting ability for these spells."
Tiefling
	if they don't have devil's tongue trait, or winged trait
		You know the Thaumaturgy cantrip. Once you reach 3rd level, you can cast the Hellish rebuke spell once per day as a 			2nd-level spell. Once you reach 5th level, you can also cast the Darkness spell	once per day. Charisma is your 				spellcasting ability for these spells.
	if they have Hellfire trait
		Once you reach 3rd level , you can cast the Burning Hands spell once per day as a 2nd-level spell. Once you reach 5th 			level, you can also cast the Darkness spell once per day. Charisma is your spellcasting ability for these spells.
Triton
	"Control Air and Water", "A child of the sea, you can call on the magic of elemental air and water. You can cast Fog Cloud		with this trait. Starting at 3rd level, you can cast Gust of Wind with it, and starting at 5th level, you can also cast Wall of		Water with it. Once you cast a spell with this trait, you can't do so again until you finish a long rest. Charisma is your		spellcasting ability for these spells."
Yuan-ti Pureblood
	"Innate Spellcasting", "You know the Poison Spray cantrip. You can cast Animal Friendship an unlimited number of times	with 		this trait, but you can target only snakes with it. Starting at 3rd level, you can also cast Suggestion with this trait. Once 		you cast it, you can't do so again until you finish a long rest. Charisma is your spellcasting ability for these spells."
	